the thing I like about stem pursuits and to me that's why I really been
my work in cryptology and in academia yes is the challenge the intellectual
challenge the people I know who Love cryptology never could
put out a crossword puzzle without frigging out and sudoku is the
way they spend their spare time so if you like intellectual challenges
this is a good way to go still will provide that for you and stem
in virtually every area provides that kind of intellectual challenge
and in system need to be a scholar you have to keep learning keep
reading what I said was awesome promotion boards like that's when things
I always ask candidates is what's the last book you have read what
a book you're reading right now and what bush has made the biggest
difference in your life